Add citation section to GIS applications (#1721)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/opendronemap.md

```

## License 

> OpenDroneMap is distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3. Full license [here](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/ODM/blob/master/LICENSE)

Author: ```suggestion
OpenDroneMap is distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 3. Full license from the [OpenDroneMap github repository](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/ODM/blob/master/LICENSE)
```

## Citation

> ```*OpenDroneMap Authors* ODM - A command line toolkit to generate maps, point clouds, 3D models and DEMs from drone, balloon or kite images. **OpenDroneMap/ODM GitHub Page** 2020; [https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/ODM](https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/ODM)```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OpenDroneMap Authors, ODM - A command line toolkit to generate maps, point clouds, 3D models and DEMs from drone, balloon or kite images. OpenDroneMap/ODM GitHub Page 2020; https://github.com/OpenDroneMap/ODM`
```
